Engineering is at the core of Addepar and we are looking to add the best, brightest, and most passionate software engineers to our team. If you are excited about doing the best work of your career and learning from a team with broad and deep experience we’re excited to meet you! Addepar software engineers come from a variety of backgrounds, ranging from entrepreneurs to finance tech veterans to open source maintainers. What they have in common is tremendous talent and dedication to architecting, implementing, and shipping high quality software.  Our Engineering Teams Data Engineering: build systems to ingest the world’s investment data and aggregate it into a single platform.  Infrastructure: build reliable services and work on monitoring systems, logging infrastructure, application and service security, release engineering, and operational tools.  Product Engineering: work with design and product to build the world’s most customizable reporting and analytics tools, powered by cutting edge web technologies.  Our product engineering team is in search of candidates who want to expand their mastery of the web platform. Your opportunities in this role will involve contribution to high-performance mobile web applications with a rich and responsive UI, contribution to OSS projects Addepar maintains or finds critical to its platform, and designing solutions that take advantage of modern web features to scale the performance of data-intensive user interfaces. Addepar aggressively leverages web technologies. Working with our stack and team will provide unique opportunities for growth and challenges to demonstrate it.  Requirements Extraordinary talent in software engineering. Ability to write high quality object oriented code.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Working knowledge of development best practices and experience working in a team.  Ability to explore complex problems spaces objectively from multiple points of view.  General familiarity with some of the technologies we use: HTTP, REST and web API best practices.  Modern JavaScript, TypeScript, or component-driven web frameworks (e.g. EmberJS).  Web platform features, for example PWAs, WASM or ServiceWorkers.  Development for the mobile web, including management of UI design and performance concerns.  Specific knowledge of Java and/or Python are a plus.  Specific experience in or knowledge of financial data systems is a plus.  Addepar is a wealth management platform that specializes in data aggregation, analytics, and reporting for even the most complex investment portfolios. The company’s platform aggregates portfolio, market, and client data all in one place. It provides asset owners and advisors a clearer financial picture at every level, allowing them to make more informed and timely investment decisions. Addepar works with hundreds of leading financial advisors, family offices, and large financial institutions that manage data for over $1.7 trillion of assets on the company’s platform. In 2020, Addepar was named as a Forbes Fintech 50 and in 2018 received Morgan Stanley’s Fintech Award for making a significant impact on the firm’s mission of continuous innovation. Addepar is headquartered in Silicon Valley and has offices in New York City and Salt Lake City.
